Name of Region

Generic Information
Capital (Name of capital city)
Recognized/Official Languages
Demography & Population
Territory (How is the territory defined and interacted with?)
Assets (Available wealth of the organization)

History
History (Outline of the countries history. Details in “History” section)
Founding Date (The date of foundation)
Important wars and alliances
Important characters
Important events

Governmental Situation
Head of State (The person with the most governmental power in the region)
Government System
Power Structure System
Relation to magic (locative, affinity, acceptance, …)
Economic System
Official/Accepted Currencies
Legislative Body (Who writes the laws and rules?)
Juridical Body (Who interprets the laws and rules?)
Executive Body (Who enforces the laws and rules?)
Agriculture or Industry (Focus, Buildings/Facilities: Think Steel Production, Oil Refineries, Great grain plains, extensive husbandry, honey production, whaling, stellar mining, or pedigree breeding of horses or dogs)
Education (How?, Average level?, Disparities between educational levels?)
Infrastructure (What are the physical assets of your organization which assure its health and well being? Aqueducts, Sewage, Road networks, airports, castles, border towers, bridges, locks, walls, …)
Technological and Scientific levels (Common techs for citizens? Unique techs?)

Political Situation:
Flag/Crest
Motto/Slogan/Acronym (Two words to a sentence which define this region)
Public Agenda (Describes the public goals and motivation behind their actions)
Private Agenda (Describes the real goals and motivation)
Neighboring Regions (Plain list of all the neighbors)
Foreign Relations (Alliances, Truths, Rivals and Wars with other regions including reasoning)
Trade and Transport (Partners/Rivals, Networks and Street-types)
Imports (Products)
Exports (Products)

Religious Situation
State Religion
Views on state religion
Views on other religions
Religious history (important characters and events)

Military
Size and divisions (manpower and divisions)
Hierarchy of titles
Quality of units
Prestige and status (Is the region proud of their military? Do the people like it? What about the allies and rivals perception of it?)
Technology (Unique weapons? Technological advantages? …)
Strategies (Front-fight? Smartness? position toward War Crimes and Covert Actions?)
